README.md, before:

# SimPic16F84
> A simple software simulation of the Pic16F84 µC

## Table of Contents

- [Overview](#overview)
- [See also](#see-also)
- [Authors](#authors)
- [License](#license)
  - [Forbidden](#forbidden)

## Overview

The SimPic16F84 project is being developed as part of a practical course in Applied Computer Science at
[Offenburg University of Applied Sciences](https://www.hs-offenburg.de/). A software simulation of the
[Pic16F84](http://www.microchip.com/wwwproducts/en/PIC16F84) µC is developed.
This means the simlator will be able to interpret the basic instruction set and to simulate the OPC execution. Due to the fact that
this is a software simulation and to keep the facts simple, however compliance with CPU cycles and real time execution is waived.

## See also

- [Romux PIC Tutorial](http://romux.com/tutorials/pic-tutorial)
- [Microchip PIC16F84](https://www.microchip.com/wwwproducts/en/PIC16F84)
- [PIC Microcontrollers](http://www.islavici.ro/cursuriold/conducere%20sist%20cu%20calculatorul/PICbook/0_Uvod.htm)

## Authors

- [Freddy1096](https://github.com/Freddy1096) (University of Applied Science Offenburg)
- [0x1C1B](https://github.com/0x1C1B) (University of Applied Science Offenburg)

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/0x1C1B/SimPic16F84/contributors) who participated in this project.

## License

Copyright (c) 2019 0x1C1B; Freddy1096

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

[MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) or [LICENSE](LICENSE) for
more details.

### Forbidden

**Hold Liable**: Software is provided without warranty and the software
author/license owner cannot be held liable for damages.

Commit message:

Improve getting started section by adding a usage part

README.md, after:

# SimPic16F84
> A simple software simulation of the Pic16F84 µC

## Table of Contents

- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Usage](#usage)
- [See also](#see-also)
- [Authors](#authors)
- [License](#license)
  - [Forbidden](#forbidden)

## Getting Started

The SimPic16F84 project is being developed as part of a practical course in Applied Computer Science at
[Offenburg University of Applied Sciences](https://www.hs-offenburg.de/). A software simulation of the
[Pic16F84](http://www.microchip.com/wwwproducts/en/PIC16F84) µC is developed.
This means the simlator will be able to interpret the basic instruction set and to simulate the OPC execution. Due to the fact that
this is a software simulation and to keep the facts simple, however compliance with CPU cycles and real time execution is waived.

### Usage

Releases are available in two different formats generally, as executable native installer\* and executable JAR archive. Just get the [latest release](https://github.com/0x1C1B/SimPic16F84/releases) from the download section. Please note, for executing the JAR archive a Java runtime environment is required, at least Oracle's [JRE SE 8](https://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/overview/index.html).

- Download: [SimPic16F84 Latest Version](https://github.com/0x1C1B/SimPic16F84/releases)

\**Depended to the version this kind of download is only supported for Microsoft Windows based systems. Because the JVM is already bundled inside of the installer, **no** addittional JRE is required.*

## See also

- [Romux PIC Tutorial](http://romux.com/tutorials/pic-tutorial)
- [Microchip PIC16F84](https://www.microchip.com/wwwproducts/en/PIC16F84)
- [PIC Microcontrollers](http://www.islavici.ro/cursuriold/conducere%20sist%20cu%20calculatorul/PICbook/0_Uvod.htm)

## Authors

- [Freddy1096](https://github.com/Freddy1096) (University of Applied Science Offenburg)
- [0x1C1B](https://github.com/0x1C1B) (University of Applied Science Offenburg)

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/0x1C1B/SimPic16F84/contributors) who participated in this project.

## License

Copyright (c) 2019 0x1C1B; Freddy1096

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

[MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) or [LICENSE](LICENSE) for
more details.

### Forbidden

**Hold Liable**: Software is provided without warranty and the software
author/license owner cannot be held liable for damages.
